[yawns]
Such an unflattering posture,
maidservant.
[MAYUMI gasps]
Huh?
[MAYUMI giggles]
Well, that's not very polite.
You should be more respectful
and watch your language.
Otherwise, you'll get censored!
Pathetic.
And I hear you're going around
calling me stuff like zashiki-
warashi and yokai , too, huh?
[MAYUMI]
Who told her?!
Is our student council
president pitting Kodaki and I
against one another without
warning in some kind of attempt
to help nurture a
friendship between us?
Huh?
What's the matter, troglodyte?
Why are you staring
at me like that?
Y'got something you
wanna say to me or what?
Something I want to say to you?
Well, that hagoita of
yours was nice work!
Did you make it yourself?
How'd you put it
together, anyway?
Oh, and while you're at it,
can you tell me how you
got it into the art room?
[KODAKI]
Hagoita ? Huh?
What even is that?
[MAYUMI] Tch! Welp.
She didn't fall for it.
[MAYUMI] Did you come here
by yourself, Yurika?
[KODAKI]
What the hell is a "Yurika"?
Oh, I mean, well,
it's just that you have such
a graceful way of walking!
As the saying goes,
you "walk like a lily"!
[gasps]
What the hell?
What kind of reaction was that?
[KODAKI]
Fine.
I take back what I said
about your unflattering posture.
[MAYUMI]
Wait a minute.
Wasn't Kodaki the one
who actually started
this conversation?
Did she come looking for me
because there's something
she wants from me?
Huh?
I don't want anything.
Don't act so conceited, whore.
The only reason I'm here
is to look you in the eyes.
[MAYUMI]
Excuse me?
When you got in
my way yesterday,
it didn't occur to me that
I was facing the newest flunky
to join the
Pretty Boy Detective Club.
Tch. Is it really so great
that you want to cross-dress
to be a part of it?
Do you enjoy being
surrounded by well-groomed
and handsome guys
who pamper you?
Are you proud of yourself?
[MAYUMI]
Uh...
Is that how it comes across?
Tell Manabu, I don't want
that stupid hagoita .
So just throw it away.
Then die.
[MAYUMI] Why did our leader
refuse Kodaki's request
to join the club?
There has to be a reason.
[gags]
Aaaaaaaaaaaaah...
[NAGAHIRO] I'd like you
to repeat this exercise
three times, every morning
and every night.
Now then, I suppose we should
head over to the art room?
Oh, Mayumi, did you have
an opportunity to work
on the homework that
our leader gave you?
It's a work in progress!
So, how did things go
on your end?
Well...
My first inclination was
to visit her at her home,
but I'm afraid
she wasn't available
to speak with me face-to face.
So, I attempted
to reach her by phone,
but that proved to be fruitless.
She is, after all,
only a first-grader.
You see our phone time
is restricted,
so for the most part,
it ended up being
a conversation in text.
Even then, she stopped
responding to me at ten PM.
Well, if it helps, I just
saw her out in the hallway.
[gasps]
Why didn't you say
this to me earlier?
Hey, can I ask you something?
Exactly what kind
of girl is she?
And what happened between her
and the Pretty Boy
Detective Club that caused
such an ordeal this past summer?
[NAGAHIRO]
Hmph.
Forgive me,
I imagine it's felt as if
we've been intentionally keeping
you in the dark about it.
That ends now.
As I am having you become
Miss Kodaki's first friend,
I suppose I can stay
silent no longer.
[MAYUMI] Become the
demon's first friend?!
[NAGAHIRO]
Ladies and gentlemen.
Now then where shall
I begin this story?
I'll start with Miss
Kodaki Kawaike's ancestry.
When I first met Miss Kodaki,
she was a lovely girl
with a graceful demeanor,
who could be called a
"little lady" in every respect.
I hope that by
clarifying things,
we can put to rest any
misunderstandings you may have.
From my perspective,
this is no matter how you
look at it an arranged marriage
in which my consent
was irrelevant.
She is nothing more than a
fiancée that my parents chose.
This is rather tragic for
Miss Kodaki, in particular.
Sadly, the life
she was born into
has nothing to do with why
she is so caustic to others
and why she behaves
as if everyone around her
is beneath her.
In fact,
the venom that she spews
is neither the product
of pride nor prejudice,
but something else entirely.
You see the Kawaike family
had diminished
long before Kodaki
was old enough
to remember anything.
I hesitate to frame it this way,
but in a sense,
she is what you might
refer to as "fallen nobility."
Incidentally, the kimono
you've seen her wearing
is something of
an heirloom to her.
A memento of her late mother
who passed away
after a harrowing decline
and a reminder of her nobility.
And so, from a young age,
she shouldered that burden
fearing that at any moment,
her family could
lose everything.
The Kawaike family is
an old and honorable one,
steeped in "tradition."
Were their house to fall,
it would become troublesome,
and not just for the family
but for society as a whole.
When a giant corporation fails,
helping hands arrive
from a variety of sources,
as to avoid a chain reaction
of bankruptcies.
It was in a similar manner,
that the Kawaike family
managed to survive.
The source of their
salvation came in the form
of a matrimonial relationship
with the Sakiguchi family.
So there's not a shred of
romantic feelings between us,
a far cry from the
mockery I've endured
regarding a "Lolita complex."
It was nothing more than
a traditional marriage
of convenience between families.
Could I not have refused?
Heh, perhaps,
but I understood the severity
of the situation they're in.
If the Kawaike family manages
a resurgence before
I turn eighteen,
then the entire concern is moot.
While I value humility,
I know I've led a blessed life.
And thus, I felt
that helping others
was a part of my responsibility.
That was a grave mistake.
It turned out I was
not the only one
harboring a strong sense
of familial obligation
Miss Kodaki had
convinced herself
that everything was
resting on her shoulders.
I'm sure you can imagine how
things unfolded as a result.
Her passionate approaches
began and as such,
she became a distraction,
not only to my private life,
but to the student council.
And that brings us to the
"ordeal" from this past summer.
Indeed.
I'm referring to our club's
summer training camp.
It was becoming a nightmare
to try and schedule.
As I am not, in fact, a lolicon,
I tried to prioritize the
training camp above all else,
but it seems fate had
something else in mind.
For the demon had no
intention of allowing it.
For a girl trying to
preserve her family name,
the Pretty Boy Detective Club
that captured my attention
must have seemed to her
more like an evil syndicate.
That said, Miss Kodaki did not
at first oppose the club,
as she did in the end.
At the outset,
it was her intention to join
the Pretty Boy Detective Club.
And if our vacation
plans clashed,
to her,
the solution was simple:
she would just accompany
me on our trip instead.
Yet, as I'm sure
you've already guessed,
that plan would
never come to pass.
Our leader refused her,
it was barely a conversation.
Still for my part,
I didn't think anything of
the decision at the time.
In our defense,
we are quite literally called
the "Pretty Boy Detective Club."
That women would
not be considered
for membership just struck us
as a matter of course.
Yet, shortly thereafter,
your own request
to join us was accepted.
What then had changed?
Was it your willingness
to cross-dress for us?
If that were truly all
that stood in her way,
what she did would
be unforgivable.
However, that said,
there's no room for sympathy.
Alas after her bid for
membership was shot down,
Miss Kodaki decided to take
matters into her own hands.
Although, I presume
this needs little mention;
you're aware of her
ability to move silently?
That she can walk
without footsteps
like a ghost as
she did with you,
the first time you
encountered her.
In a manner much like that,
she paid our leader a visit.
She approached
undetected in the stairwell
of the elementary
school building,
and she shoved him from behind.
He was sent tumbling
down the stairs.
Fortunately, our leader was
spared any serious trauma.
He did however sustain
an injury to his foot.
There was little choice;
the summer training camp
was cancelled.
Naturally, our leader covered
for Miss Kodaki and told us
that his foot slipped so
as to spare her the shame.
Still, she must have
reflected upon her actions
and realized she'd gone too far.
From that day on,
she never approached the Pretty
Boy Detective Club again...
...till yesterday.
[MAYUMI]
Yesterday? For real?
[NAGAHIRO]
Yes.
There is no doubt that the
appearance of a new member
and that fact it's you,
in particular,
has triggered Miss Kodaki.
That is why I have
this ridiculous hope
that everything can be mended
if you were to become
a friend to her.
[MAYUMI]
I see, it all makes sense.
As I let the truth of
Kodaki's story sink in...
...and pored over
every detail in my mind,
I began to understand.
To understand...
[NMAYUMI]
Hmm...
...that this girl is bad news.
If anything, my sense that
she's nothing but trouble
has been validated.
Don't get me wrong.
I understand her
foul mood has its reasons,
and it stems from a
complicated inferiority complex
regarding her family.
But that doesn't mean
her rotten behavior
should be forgiven
and I wasn't really
moved by her story.
Unfortunately, for you, Yurika,
I can be kinda petty.
No, it's precisely due
to your tendency to be petty
that I was certain
that you would make
an excellent first
friend for Miss Kodaki!
I can't help but delight at
the thought of your friendship!
Y-You're supposed to
say that I'm not petty...
Anyway, I get why the
demon wasn't allowed
to join the club, but I'm
not real sure I understand
why I was allowed.
You made it sound like
you were so certain before,
so what made you
change your mind?
Unclear and I never
brought it up
with our leader to get
his thoughts either.
But I have no doubt
he has his reasons.
[MAYUMI]
Oh, yeah...
Regarding Kodaki's motive,
I've been thinking
about why she might have
brought that hagoita
into the art room...
Do you think there's a chance
it's because she
wanted it returned to her?
Ahh... How childish.
It's a ploy to establish
a fait accompli.
She delivers an item into
my care that I must return
so that I give it
to her like a gift.
[MAYUMI]
How exactly is that childish?
If I recall, sending
a hagoita is a tradition.
It's intended to honor
the first new year
after a baby girl is born.
By sending one to Sakiguchi,
is there an implication
that when he returns it to her,
he'll be like "well we
already have this thing,
we might as well
make it a reality"?
And if entrapment
is a part of her plan
as a means of securing
her future with him,
that's a level of maliciousness
that I would hardly
call childish.
[MAYUMI] Our morning meeting
proceeded with everyone
presenting theories that
were pretty much on-brand.
Sotoin proposed a scenario
that was utterly ridiculous.
Then Mr. Bare-Legs presented
his brute-force theory...
Mr. Genius didn't say
a word the entire time.
And let's just say that
Mr. Delinquent tried his best.
However...
Before I could present my idea,
I was interrupted...
[MICHIRU] Am I the only
one who's bored here?
We're wasting time
making up stories
about how that thing got in here
instead of sitting her down
and interrogating her.
[NAGAHIRO]
As I've said,
it would be wise to
determine the precise mode
of transport first.
That way, she's left with
no room to make excuses
when we confront her.
[MICHIRU] It's not
gonna make a difference.
Even if we do all the legwork
and show her irrefutable proof,
you know she's just gonna
deny the whole thing.
She's not gonna confess,
and she's not gonna repent.
We're beating around the bush
because no one's
willing to say it.
Say what, Michiru?
Go on.
Listen, man,
you're not a lolicon? Fine.
But there's only one reason
we're still having
problems with this girl,
you're still with her.
If you're not gonna
talk to the girl,
quit messing around
and dump her.
Michiru, you should
be nice to him.
Think about how Nagahiro
must be feeling.
If he's saying it's
too early to talk to her,
it's probably because he
enjoys being engaged to her!
And besides, they only have
a few more years together
before she ages out!
That's not how I feel.
Never say that again...
Oh, all right.
I cannot in good conscience
allow this to continue.
I, too, have been
at my wit's end.
My engagement to Miss Kodaki
was one that was decided
without our consent.
I've decided to annul
it as of today.
Nagahiro, are you
comfortable with that?
Please don't do
anything on my behalf.
As I've said many times,
I merely slipped!
It was no one's
fault but my own.
With all due respect, Leader,
even if that were the truth,
the fact remains that Miss
Kodaki silently approached you
from behind and a moment
later you were injured.
As such, it should
not have taken me
so long to arrive
at this conclusion.
I can't be expected to
shoulder my family's lineage
as a middle school student.
I am her fiancé,
but the way I've been behaving,
you would think
I were her guardian.
And that is no longer okay.
Our club's second rule
is to "be a boy," yes?
[MANABU]
Hmm...
Uh... Mayumi Dojima, are you
truly all right with all this?
[MAYUMI] I'd begun to
feel sorry for Kodaki,
and I guess our leader
could see the guilt
written all over my face.
I may not know
about family lineage,
but I know this
she's just a girl.
She's an evil,
calculating, and foolish girl
with an irredeemable
personality.
She's violent,
sharp-tongued, and scheming.
And those are
terrible qualities,
but she's just a girl.
So, in the end...
[MAYUMI] ...it just doesn't feel
right for me to abandon her.
After all I am Mayumi the Seer.
No, I'm not all right
with this, Leader.
A world where we only help
good people or people we love,
isn't a world I find beautiful.
Even people we hate,
deserve our help, too!
[MAYUMI grunts]
Think, think, think, think,
think, think, think, think!
Our problem right now
is that we don't know
how Kodaki gets in and out.
That means we have no idea
how or when she'll strike again
or how dangerous
her next "gift" will be.
If we can get rid
of that possibility,
then we buy ourselves some time,
and we're back
to situation normal.
And getting back to normal
means solving mysteries
and not talking about
annulling an engagement!
Think, think, think, think,
think, think, think, think!
There has to be an answer--
one that's actually
based in reality.
How is it possible that
a human-sized hagoita
was transported, unobserved,
in the arms of a first-grader?
How was she able to get it
into the art room when I tried
and I couldn't get it
to budge without help?
How did she manage it alone?
Those who seek the stars
look only to the sky.
Yet in our complacency,
we tend to forget.
The ground that you see
when you hang your head
is part of a star.
[MAYUMI]
Thanks to all our hard work
and Sakiguchi's special
training class 2-B
received the gold award
in the choir contest!
I know, right?
Nobody cares.
I guess I should mention we
didn't earn the gold award.
Yubiwa Academy makes a big thing
out of upholding
fairness and equality
so despite its name
the "choir contest"
lacks a ranking system.
Everyone who participated
was awarded first place.
I know, I know.
So, anyway, getting back to
the story that actually matters,
I'll begin with the conclusion:
the engagement between
Nagahiro Sakiguchi
and Kodaki Kawaike survived
to see another day.
The student council president's
status as a lolicon,
however, is still undecided.
I don't know if it's a
good thing or a bad thing
that we haven't
cleared that up yet,
but the weather is nice today.
The one seeking the stars
was a reference to me
and the ten years I spent
searching the night sky.
In this case, the "sky"
doesn't have to be the heavens
just the ceiling.
And, sticking
with the same analogy,
if we then interpret "the
ground" to imply our floor,
the truth may have been hiding
beneath our feet the whole time.
If I were to carve out
a piece of the floor
in order to fashion
a large paddle,
the most discreet place
would be underneath the table.
I'd sneak into the art room
when I knew
no one would be there.
I'd cut open the carpet
carve out the floor,
And, of course, I wouldn't
be able to use it as is,
so I'd sand the wood
to make it shine.
Any sawdust I created
could be swept under the carpet.
Nicely done, Mayumi.
Although, even if we presented
this evidence to her,
in all likelihood, Miss Kodaki
would still refuse to confess.
But if we understand
her methods,
we're prepared for whatever
she does in the future.
I must say, the "demon"
sure has found a great friend.
[MAYUMI] Hold on.
Who are you talking about?
And me?
Seems I've found myself
a good underclassman.
[MAYUMI] Yeah, yeah,
I guess I've found myself
a great upperclassman
as well, Mr. Senpai.
[MAYUMI]
Hey, Leader?
Why wouldn't you let
Kodaki join the club
if you were willing to
welcome me with open arms?
May I first correct
a misunderstanding?
Mayumi dear...
I was never pushed down
any stairs by the demon.
I have said it
over and over again,
but nobody takes me seriously!
Am I lacking in conviction
as a leader, that is?
Huh? Wait.
So you weren't
covering for Kodaki?
If her presence goes undetected
even if she's
standing behind you,
then if she were
to start talking,
that would probably
catch anyone by surprise.
[MANABU]
As for the reason why
I decided to reject Miss
Kodaki's bid for membership,
I think you'll find the answer
to be ever so obvious, Mayumi.
At the end of the day,
we are the Pretty Boy
Detective Club.
You do agree this is no place
for a young girl in love.
[MAYUMI]
It wasn't because she was a girl
but because she was in love.
Her heart was on fire over
the state of her family,
and she wore those
emotions on her sleeve,
and just as he did with me,
Sotoin probably saw
right through her.
If that's the truth
behind his decision
to keep her at arm's length,
then credit that
to his aestheticism.
However, were those
passionate feelings
really all just the result of
frustration with her fiancé?
Tell Manabu I don't want
that stupid hagoita .
So just throw the thing away.
Then die.
[MAYUMI] Kodaki said
"Tell Manabu I don't want it"
"It was meant for him..."
The fact she specified him
instead of her fiancé
is probably something
that can be interpreted
in many different ways...
If the real person Kodaki hoped
to receive the hagoita from
was actually our leader,
that would be an
unpopular revelation--
one I wouldn't expect
would get any traction.
If she didn't push him when
she came up behind him,
then what was she doing there?
And what might
she have said to him
if they'd had a chance
to speak, I wonder.
Anyway, I probably
shouldn't speculate on it;
it's not very becoming
of a detective.
It's one thing to joke around,
tease each other,
and give really
bad dating advice,
but in this case, it just
doesn't feel like behavior
I should be encouraging,
let alone talking about.